I'm hank.
I was your typical emergency
room doctor.Until I got fired.
You let a billionaire hospital trustee
die to save some kid off the street.
I made a judgment call.
You made a mistake.
This is my brother.I'm
evan R.Lawson,C.P.A.
He took me away from my
troubles and to the hamptons.
And suddenly,I had a chance to
become a whole new kind of doctor.
Turns out the wealthy and not so wealthy out
here could use a guy who makes house calls.
So I got a second chance
to do what I do best.
Obviously,thhae s to be something else.
It's just not name change and arrested!
There has to be something else.
Mm,god,this is such good television.
Isn't it your job to sort
through company email?
There is no email on sundays.
I think you're thinking of mail.
Uh,I think it's my job.I should know.
You look cozy over there.Can
I get you anything else?
Cucumber eye pads,a chinese foot rub?
I am finally starting to
feel at home around here.
Oh,yeah?Oh,good.
'Cause I was worried whether you'd
survive the adjustment to all this.
I think I've earned a day off,hank.
Cash flow is up 25%,fixed costs are
down 10%,we have a healthy reserve,
and I finally started to put
our capital to work for us.
Is it working as hard as you?
It's working.
I'm investing our way towards a
bigger business and a higher life,hank.
Pretty soon,boris is gonna
be living in our guest house.
Yeah,you might want to explain
all that to our medical supplier.
Apparently,the check you wrote them for
our new portable ekg machine just bounced.
Yeah,well... you see,this is why you
never read company emails on sundays,okay?
I'm gonna be reading up on boris.
Fix this,evan.
All right,I'm all over it.Trust
me.First thing tomorrow morning.
And don't wait till tomorrow.
So I know you're busy studying
100 years of german medical data,
but,uh,there actually is one hankmed
concern that's been on my mind today.
Spokesmodel,corporate jet,or
commercial during the super bowl?
None of the above.It's divya.
What about her?
Should we discuss what our plan is?
Our plan is to talk to
her,see what her plan is.
Okay,but what if she decides to do this?
If she gets engaged and moves
to london,what are we gonna do?
Well,we'll find another P.A.,I guess.
So you're not worried at all?
I said we'd find another P.A.
I didn't say we'd find another divya.
Hill manor.Sound like a serious joint.
You fired up for the social
event of the season,henry?
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
Zoey?
Where are you going this time,huh?
Zo?
Zoey,honey,let's get you back to bed.
Zoey?Honey?
No,zoey,stop!
-=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=-Proudly Presents
royal.pains.s01e12
-=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=-Sync:YTET-小月依依
As we discussed,a full service bar
will be set up there,in the courtyard...
and out there,on the great
lawn,next to the ceremony tents.
No one will be waiting for drinks.
Also,the dance floor will
be up here in the courtyard.
Crazy wedding here last night?
Just a small maintenance operation.
What kind of operation?
We're cleaning the manor house.
We're cleansing  the manor house.
I'm sorry?
Look,ms.Katdare,we promise everything will
be back to normal in time for your party.
Zoey,why don't you show
them the great lawn?
I was just about to.
Um,divya,a word,please.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
No matter how badly
our parents want this,
they wouldn't let us throw a tailgate party
here,let alone our sakharpuda ceremony.
Right.So...
but maybe the montauk yacht club
has a last minute cancellation.
I'll call the event manager there.
You resume the tour of amityville.
This place seemed so normal when my
sister got married here three years ago.
Hi,um,I was wondering if you had
space for a last minute event.
Let's talk about this later.
Sorry about that.
No,please,look,ms.Katdare,we will have everythingcleaned
up in time for your veryspecial occasion.
You and mr.Bandyopadhyay
seem likethe perfect couple,
and you deservea truly perfect affair.
Should we continue walking?
Are you okay down there?
Oh,yeah,it's  it's no big deal.
May I?
It's no small deal.
Okay,neither is that.
Have you seen a doctor?
Oh,the cough.Yeah,it comes and goes.
And this just happenedlast night.
Well,let's pausethe party
planning for a moment.Shall we?
So...how did thishappen,zoey?
It's gonna soundvery strange.
The houseis doing this to her.
One more time.
Every night,I see things.
Really...indescribable things.
And last night,I followed one of
them right through that window.
And why would the housebe
making this happen?
Well,amy thinksit's
because I want to expand.
Turn this place into a full
servicebed and breakfast.
And the housewants you to stay
focused on events and catering.
This househas been in our
family for five generations.
Ever since our great,great grandparents came here
from scotlandand built it with their bare hands.
Amy...   any radical changeto that now would
be an insultto them and what they left behind.
My sister's a littleoff
center sometimes.
Oh,I know how you feel.My brothercouldn't
find the center with a G.P.S.Device.
How long has thisbeen going on?
A couple weeks.
You've been hallucinating every nightfor
two weeks,and you haven'tseen a doctor?
Let me take the sharps.
Thank you.
There are two options here.
Either my sister's right,
or I'm losing my mind.
I don't think I couldhandle
finding out either one is true.
Look no oneshould have to feel
like they're crazy or,even worse,
like their sibling was
rightabout something.
I personally don't havemuch experience with
the latter,but I imagine the painis unbearable.
Excruciating.
So... we better find youa third option.
No signs of papilledema,so probably no increased intracranial...
no abnormality of the soft palate muscles.
No masses in the neckor thyroid.
Deep breath in.Out.
Lungs,heart,abdomen are normal.
Count backwards from 100by sevens.
-93,86,79,72
-okay,no cognitiveimpairment.
No explanationfor the odd mixture
of coughingand hallucinating.
Time to take it upa notch.
I'll geta ct scanner over here.
Charlie...
You're on the cutting
edgeof home security,jill.
You gonna detain me in a
buckettill the cops arrived?
What are you doingin my house?
Doro alicha.
Ethiopian chicken stew.It's
traditional,but lively.
-I'm not hungry.
-Mm,I am.
You know,ever sinceI,spent my life savings
treating indigent peoplesacross the planet,
I came back and had to
crashat the hospital.
You been sleeping there?
Oh,yeah,and as muchas I love the amenities,
found myself cravinga home cooked meal.
So I couldn't helpbut
wonder,why not live at home?
Uh,because this isn'tyour home anymore.
-Check the mortgage agreement.
-Check the mortgage payments.
Listen... I know I owe you some money.
But here I am,working it off.
Plus,wouldn't it be easierfor us to... attend to
allour social obligations if we were under one roof?
Oh,my motorcycle'sacting up.
You're,um,you'regonna have to drive us.
Yeah,I'll beattending this party solo.
Thought you said you
wereopen to a resolution.
Yeah,not whenyou force feed me.
Look,charlie,a lot happenedafter
you left.I moved on.
Jill,a man,uh... travels the
worldin search of what he needs.
And then he returns hometo find it.
So you sort it outall you want,'cause
when you're done,I'm gonna be right here...
showing youjust how different
things are gonna bethis time around.
Well,ct was clean.
No bleeds or lesions.Electrolytes
are normal,and sugar's 102.
She's slightly anemic.But that's
nothing abnormal for a 29 year old woman.
I think we need to lookinto environmental
toxins or an infectious source.
Given her sister's beliefs,should
we be lookingat psychiatric disease?
Maybe something genetic.
Look,I checked.No family history.Let's
rule outall organic causes first.
After all,except for the coughing,zoey looks
fine right now.No hallucinations at all.
-Good,I'll get theseto the lab.
-Good.
Hallucinations?
That's the clinical term,yes.
That'sthe unenlightened term.
Well,enlighten me,please.
20 years ago,we lost our parentsto an accident...
to a drunk driver out on montauk highway.
The very next day,I woke
up and felttheir presence.
This is gonna soundstrange to
you,but I couldhear them speaking.
That's whatgot me through it.
And...I'm whatgot zoey through it.
Okay,and what do you
thinkis happening here?
She's being hauntedby her own instincts.
This house is sacred.And
she should know it.
I have a proposal,amy.
You stay open mindedto my theories,
and I'll stay open mindedto yours.
Okay,here's my theory.
Zoey will be fine as soon as she gives upher plan to
turn our family's home into a bunchof rooms for rent.
-What's your theory?
-I don't have one yet.
But zoeyasked me to find one,
and I won't give upuntil I do.
Someone close to you.Someone
who looks like you.
Someone with a letter "R.
My brother.Evan R.Lawson?
He's getting himselfinto trouble.
Sorry,amy,you don'tneed
a gift to sense that one.
Sir,I'm telling you it's a
clerical error.Okay,it's a big one.
I'm the cfo of the company.I didn't conduct or
approve any of these withdrawals or transfers.
Well,of courseyou can do
something.You're the bank manager.
Yes,I'll hold again.Awesome.
'Cause whenall my money's
missing,there's nothing
I enjoy morethan the musical
stylings of ms.Liza minnelli.
Straight to voice mail.Okay.
So I see you're ignoringmy calls
now.That's interesting.we need to talk.
My account's been depleted by someone who
had accessto all my personal information.
So,uh,any ideaswho that would
be?Call me back,right now.
-Hey.
How's work going?
Work is good.Thanks.
Did we get those suppliesdivya ordered?
-Yeah,they're right there.
-Okay.
How much do they c
what are they for again?
I got to gocheck for mold at the
houseof a hallucinating woman.
Oh,wow,that sounds dangerous.Should
we be charging hera premium for that,or
what?No.
But I should startgetting paid extra
to deal with overbearing siblings.
Mine and hers.She's
gotthis psychic sister.
Really?She's psychic?Hope she didn't
put a 1 900number on the contact sheet.
Actually,all she said was that
you're in some kindof trouble.
That's so weird.
You know what?Actually,that
mold thingsounds dangerous.
I'm gonna comeand
help you out,hank,okay?
Okay,here's the deal.
Two weeks,max.
No matter what happensas far as us,
start lookingfor your own place today.
That's aggressive,but reasonable.
And...you will stayin the guest room.
-What if,um
-at all times.
And last,but not leastof the ground
rules,get your motorcycle fixed,
because this whole rideshare to
the hospitalis a one time event.
I'm thinking aboutgetting a car.
Sounds like progress.
I'm thinking aboutpicking up one
of these intelligent parking assist.
Yeah,practicallyparks itself.
Well,that doessound like progress.
'Cause you parallel parkingthat green saab
that was always a bitof an extreme sport for you.
Yeah,well,sadly for you,
charlie,I've moved on.
I think you have a habitof moving on
to new things,a bit too quickly,jill.
Well,any  any information you give me
could be,you know,like,extremely helpful.
I'm not a magic 8 ball.
Well,when it told youthat I was in
trouble,did it sound,like,deeply alarmed,
or was it just,like,merely concerned?
You know all I know.
But I would be
carefulgoing into the house.
I'm not surehow it will respond
to your troubled aura right now.
Amy...please... stop saying that.
I mean,first of all,no one is gonna
believe that the house is haunted.
What,the house is haunted?
Can I talk to you
aboutthe tents over here?
This is outsideour
scope of practice,hank.
We're not a conciergeghostbusters
service,okay?
We're going into look for mold.I'll
take the attic,you take the basement.
I'm not goingto the basement.
Fine,you take the
attic.Try not to get slimed.
Oh,yeah,I should havetaken the basement.
Jesus!
Moldy,moldy,moldy,mold.Where are you?
God,why would ichoose the attic?
Hello?Satan?
I bet the basementis finished...
with,like,a pool table.
You sent me up hereto look for mo...
yo,I thinkI found the mold.
henry... does the mold make you
starthallucinating immediately?
Okay,hank,get up hereright now.
Because I don't think it's
mold,I think it's ghosts.
And...now the ghostsare
morphing into bats!
Hank!
-Here is your iced tea,evan.
-Thank you so much.I'm really thirsty.
So that's a long islandiced tea.
House specialty.I make them
every dayfor family cocktail hour.
Really?
Apparently,spiritscalm the spirits.
That's  that'san interesting saying.
amy,do you thinkthat the bats
were the dark auraaround me?
-No,I don'T .
-Really?
Tell me something,amy.
are you still seeingthe
dark aura around me?
-Hey,is thatwhat I think it is?
-Dead bat.
Oh,my god!You could
have justsaid yes,dude.
Zoey,batscan carry rabies,
which can causehallucinations.
What?
Just relax.Have you
spent timein that attic?
I've been up thereonce or twice
to take measurementsfor the b&B.
See,zoey?The bats,the house.
Everyone thinks the b&bis a bad idea.
Sadly,the house and the
batsdon't get a vote.
Well,I'llgo tell them that.
My only recent biteshave been mosquito bites,
especially since amy started making ussleep outside.
Well,believe it or not,bat bites
and mosquito bites look a lot alike.
They're actually really
toughto differentiate.
Oh,my god.I know I got
bit.I got bit somewhere.
Any other theories?
Well,a certain funguscan grow on bat guano and
causea respiratory infection called histoplasmosis.
The symptoms don't
typicallyinclude hallucinations,
but coughingis a hallmark sign,along
with chills,fever,and headaches.
I've had this coughfor
a couple weeks now.
Yeah,you saidit comes and goes.
Comes by day,goes by night.
Do you take anythingfor it?
No,I had a bad reactionto antibiotics when I
was younger,so medication kind offreaks me out.
Well,while the labtests the bat,I'd like to
do a skin testto check for the histoplasmosis,
allergies,and anything else that
might tell uswhat's going on here.
-Okay.
Hank...
Remember when I saidI was
too afraid to go see a doctor?
If I'd known there wasa doctor out there
like you,I might have foundthe courage.
Dude,look at this.Is that a
bat biteor a mosquito bite?
You know,I can't really say.
They're exactly the same?
If I got bit by a bat,what's
gonna happen to me?
All right,worst casescenario,you die.
Best case scenario,you become immortal.
What?
Put your shirt on.
tough to findan appropriate card
for strategic indian engagement.
Yeah,you have no ideahow long it
took me to narrow it downto these two.
There's more cardsover there.
So will I see youat hill manor?
I guess so.
By the way,do you knowthe hill sisters?
I grew up with them.
What were they like?
Well,uh,zoey was
sweetand pretty.Outgoing.
And she knew everyoneand
always got the guy.
And amy?
Mm...amy wore black and foundedthe
high school's wicca club.
Pretty quirky chick.
But,you know,in her own special way,she always
looked outfor her sister and I respected that.
I imagine you would too.
So speaking ofold acquaintances...
I guess I owe youan explanation.
Oh,look,to be honest,jill,I
really don't wantto hear about it.
About him.
If he's here to staythis time,if it
worksfor you and him,I'm happy for you.
And if it doesn't,you
know where to find me.
As long as you get that I can't
put my life on holdin the meantime.
And I wouldn't ask you to.
I just need to figure outwhat's right for
me,and I can't rusha decision like that.
No,I get it.
Let's see what you got.
Why this one?
It's just more...you.
I agree.
When you first thoughtthat place might
not work,what was it that youwere thinking?
Truthfully?
I was thinking divine intervention.
Spiritual intervention.Whatever.I
thought it was an out.
There are no more outs.
We tried to delay this
again,and they moved it up.
We're almost there.
We may as well justget it over with.
Well,you soundso terribly
excited about this marriage.
I know many coupleswho
got married deeply in love.
Now,they barely speak.
You have been my best
friendfor 20 years.
We trust and respecteach
other.We never fight.
Maybe we'll grow into love,
instead of fallingin and out of it.
But does it feel rightto you?
Divya... we have to stopbeing
emotional about logical decisions.
Is zoey's lab reportback yet?
No.
But her scratch testwas
positive for histoplasmosis.
Which explainsthe coughing by
day,but not the hallucinatingby night.
And I just don't thinkthis is psychosis.
Which leads us tothe
possibility of encephalitis.
We got to get this thingsolved
quickly,so you can get engaged.
Well,let's not be too
hastywith patient care.
So we...
divya,we know you and raj are gonna
havesome big decisions to make.
Just know that evan
and iare here to stay.
And there's always,always a place for
you here with hankmed,no matter what.
Well,I appreciate that.
And I'll let you knowwhat my future holds...
as soon as my parentsdecide it for me.
Well,maybenegotiations'll
still fall apartlast minute.
Maybe your dad'llraise
the dowry to five goats
and a donkey and raj'll
call ita deal breaker!
Hmm,maybeyou're the donkey.
Hankmed,how can   okay,slow down.
It's amy hill,and she's freaking out.
We're on our way.
Ah,I tried
I tried to get up there,but
the attic doorlocked behind her.
All right,I'm gonna finda
way to get on that roof.
Evan,you tryto find a
ladder.Divya,keep amy back.
Zoey,please!Just stay where you are.
Don't worry.Hank'll take care of this.
Zoey  zoey,zoey,don't move.
Look,nothingyou're seeing is real.
And you could hurt yourselfreally
badly if you take another step.
Do you understand me?
Zoey,zoey.
Zoey,are you okay?
Where's hank? There you are.
Here,divya,I got it.
Here,let's get her downover here.
Zoey,what were you doing?
Amy.Your ears are really big.
Whoa,is she okay?
As far as the
fall,yeah.Yeah,she'll be fine.
You want to dothe spinal tap tonight?
And that's not allI want to do.
There may be only one way to get
to the bottom of thisimmediately.
-Mri?
-Exorcism?
Her hallucinationsonly manifest at
night,so we're gonna worka graveyard shift.
A sleepover?
I'm a huge fanof that procedure.
-Okay,lidocaine.
-Prepped.
Wow,you're doinga spinal tap in the very placeyou'll
be getting engaged in the next couple days.
That's got to be nine
differentkinds of bad luck.
Shut up,evan.
What is this for?
Spinal needle.It'll help useither
diagnose or rule outthe encephalitis.
Elephantitis?
No,I don't seeany elephants.
All I see is that reallybig knife.
How's that even gonnafit in me?
She just
okay,here we go.
You're doing great.
Well,this is a new onefor hankmed.
Why don't you just summon
the apparitions?
Okay,why are youasking me?
'Cause you're indian.Maybe some
of the rituals translate,right?
Wait a second.You think that hinduismand
wicca have overlapping ideologies?
I'm just thinkingoutside the box.
You're a bloodyneanderthal.Honestly,you'rea
bloody neanderthal.
What,every time I just
Amy... everything okay?
No,it's not.
I need to get hersomething to drink,but
we've run outof supplies out here.
I'd have to go...inside.
If evan needed me to go in that house,I wouldn't
care if it was infested with mountain lions,
I'd go in,but... you
know,that's just me.
No,it's not just you.
If zoey asks for me,tell
her I'll be right out.
Wa  wait.You're gonna go in the house?
I thou  what aboutthe cleansing?
I guess I'll justhave to start a new
one... after I fix usa round of iced teas.
Zoey. When do you usually
haveyour daily cocktail?
Every night before bed.
That's what helpsstop
the coughing,silly.
Okay,I'll be backin a minute.
Guys,keep an eye on herfor me,please.
What the hell have
youbeen giving your sister?
It's just cough syrup.
She's beenup all night,so...
I'm giving hera second dose.
Does she know you've been putting
that in her drinkthis whole time?
If she did,she wouldn't drink
it,because she refusesto take medication.
I just couldn't stand listening
to her sufferevery night.
This brand of cough syrup has an
extremely high percentage of dextromethorphan.
Why does that matter?
High volume,highconcentration
doses of dxm are a bad idea.
and for some people with a genetic
inabilityto metabolize it it's a toxic idea.
You give her this,and within
15 minutes,she stops coughing,
but two hours later,when its action
peaks,she starts jumpingthrough windows.
I had no clue.
I thoughtI was helping her.
Do you have any idea what it's like to
begiven way more responsibility
than you ever...asked for?
Way more than youever deserved?
When I was 12,my mom got sick.
My dad,who lost all our moneyin the stock
market,couldn't affordto take care of her.
So he gave up. On her,on us,and
he left.And then our mom died.
I know exactlywhat it's like.
Being the older siblingone day and
then feeling likea parent the next.
You do anything you canto protect
the only thing you have left.
So inanimate objects would
grow,shrink,and bend.
Distanceand depth perception
would be skewed as well.
For instance,if you werestanding
on the roof,looking down,
jumping into the moatmight look like
nothing more than stepping into a puddle.
What's wrong with me,hank?
It's a disorientingneurological condition
calledalice in wonderland syndrome.
But once you stoptaking the
cough syrup and the dxm in it,
you will be back in the
realworld with the rest of us.
What about her cough?
We'll administer an
antifungalcalled itraconazole.
It will treatthe histoplasmosis
and clear up the coughas well.
Safely.
I am so sorry,zo.
No,it's  it's okay.
At least we verifiedthat medicine
and i still don't get along.
Don't blame the medicine.
Blame me.
I'm the onewho made you spend
two weeks in...wonderland.
You broke a cleanse for me.
I know how seriouslyyou take those.
Some thingsI take more seriously.
Oh,g   hank!It's  it's happening!
So do you think I'm
gonnaturn into like a
an old school,bela lugosi type,
or maybe like a hip,sexy,twilight
vampire with,like,the
And,like,the cool hair,or what?
I  I can't see anything.
What do you call
those,enrique?Look at the red lines.
I can alreadyfeel my skin burning
from the sunlightpouring in.
There's nothingon your arm.
Why do you keep saying that?
Look... okay,what the
hellis happening to me?
Your mind is playing trickson you.
I'm hallucinating like  like zoey?
Well,with her,her bodywas
affecting her mind.
With you,it's the opposite.
And you have been actingeven
weirder than usual.
Why are youso worked up,evan?
Come on,whatever it is,you can tell me.
You know what?It's,uh... it's
nothingyou have to worry about.
But thank you for...being there.
You know,you always are.
It's got to be exhaustinghaving to...
bail me out of troubleover and over again.
Yeah,well,I didn'thave
much of a choice this time.
You ran into my roomand
jumped into my bed.
It's beautiful.
So,uh...congratulations?
Yeah,we're so...ambivalent for you.
If you think that thisis uncomfortable,wait
till you seewhat happens in 15 minutes.
When I stand upand piss off a tent
full of bandyopadhyaysand katdares.
Oh,my god,are you pregnant?
No,I'm not pregnant.
Are you gay?
Evan,really?
Divya... what are you talking about?
I've thought aboutwhat
you both said to me.
And you're right.
I can't do this.
I won't do this.
And I'm gonna tell thatto all of them.
How did raj take this?
He doesn't know yet.He would
just tryto talk me out of it.
And even if he didn't,I don't want
him to appearcomplicit in this.
I'm going to do thisall on my own.
Divya.
Anyway,I'm so gladthat you both came.
'Cause I may need you tostand
by with a getaway vehicle.
I'm way ahead of you.
I record the whole thingon my phone camera and
we sell it to bollywoodas a reality show,right?
You read my mind.
Speaking of,here comes patricia
arquette and alice herself.
Hey,how are you feeling,zoey?
Cough gone,hallucinations gone.
Know what's weird?I almost
missmy little wonderland.
It's like somebody rippedthe
3 d glasses right off my face.
Nah,I'll take youto an imax
movie sometime.Way safer.
I got to say,it's really nice to see
you guysup and running again  wow.
Actually,this is ourlast
event for a while.
Really?Why?
To renovatefor our expansion
into a bed and breakfast.
How'd shechange your mind?
Actually,you guys did it.
You staying herethe other night made
me realizehow rewarding it could be...
to have overnight guests.
Well,sleepoversand epiphanies.Just
two more serviceswe provide at hankmed.
Zip it.
But,for the record,doctor,we'll never know if
youcleaned house here the other night,or I did.
Well,scienceand spirituality
can share the crediton this one.
Uh,looks likewe need
more chairs.Excuse me.
Have you seenthat lily pond up close?
You sure it's not justa little puddle?
Oh,well,why don'twe go find out?
What do you mean,"it's done and done"?
Well,no,this is what I'm saying.
There is no more time.We
need that money back now.
I can't believeyou're
doing this to me.Again.
Hello?
Hey,evan.
Do you know where hank is?
Yeah,he is right... he was right there.
This place is spooky.
Yeah,there's somethingimportant
I need to tell him.
Yeah,you and me both.
Um...I thinkhe's at the bar.
Oh,no,wait  psychic
moment.That's where I'm headed.
This is beautiful.
We used to throw partiesright here,
but when a drunken groomsman went skinny dippingin
the lily pond,amy didn't take itvery well.
She is really protectiveof
this place,huh?
And really protectiveof you.
I really haven't noticed.
You two definitely don't
seemcut from the same cloth.
Oh,well,the same thingcould
be said about you and evan.
And it has been said.
Yeah,life sent him one way,me another.
And then it did a funny thingand brought us back
together to start this littlebusiness of ours.
And somehow... we have
foundcommon ground.
You know,um,I grew up hearing peoplecall
my sister crazy every single day.
You never assumedI was crazy.
Gave me the benefit of the doubt.
Most peoplewouldn't have,hank.
Yeah,well,more people should be like us.
And less people should be like most people.
so... about that movieyou suggested.
Oh,not just a movie.An imax experience.
But,zoey,um...you're a patient.
But I'm cured now.
Yeah,yeah,it looks like you are.
So I'm nota patient anymore.
That's true.
I just gotout of a relationship.
Oh,you should have ledwith that reason.
Probably should have.
I I just need some time,you
know,before jumpinginto something new.
And I have no ideahow
much time it'll take.
Maybe I could tell you.
Really?And how would you do that?
Amy taught mehow to read palms.
Let's see here.
I see a blonde.
In a lavender summer dress.
I am so sorry,raj.
Thank you all for coming.
And I,uh,I apologizefor
wasting your time.
But there will beno engagement ceremony.
There will be no wedding.There will
be no moreof this farce whatsoever.
I could stand up hereand tell you that I
love rajwith all my heart,but the truth is...
I don'T.
Nor does he love me.
We are just two friends,never given a
chance to loveanybody but each other.
And we deserve that chance.
And now... finally...
we're going to have it.
What's up,brah?
Did jill find you yet?
No,why?What'd she say?
She had somethingimportant to tell you.
So do I.
What's up?
We're broke.
What do you mean broke?
I mean depleted,destitute,insolvent.
I was asking for
anexplanation,not a thesaurus.
What the hell are youtalking about,evan?
Well,I,uh,I invested our working capital
in some alternative,high yield instruments
english,evan.
We got scammed.
You got scammed.By who?
And it's all gone,you know.
Almost every last pennyof
it,at least.It's  it's gone.
Why are you not furious?
Oh,I'm furious.
I I'm furious.I'm just not surprised.
In fact,the only shock hereis that it
took this long for you to let me down.
Look,I'm gonnafind a
way to get that money.
Don't you get it?
It's not about the money.It's about
the secrets,the lies,the greed.
We can rebuild.I know we can.
Yeah,hankmed,maybe.
My trust in you... doubtful.
Come on,that... hank.
Hank!
I'm  I'm guessingyou're here for jill.
Would you like me to let herknow
you dropped by next time I see her?
Uh,actually,I was toldshe
had a message for me.
But...I guess I got the
messagepretty clearly now.
Let me know if it needsany
further clarification.
Maybe I can help you outwith that.
Who was at the door?
Oh,it was just some guy.
He had the wrong house.
No,he didn't,charlie.
You did.Get your stuffand get out.
Now.
charlie. Leave the wine.
evan?
Evan?
-=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=-Proudly Presents
royal.pains.s01e12
-=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=-
Sync:YTET-小月依依
I can't believeyou didn't tell
me that dad took all our money.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org